# SourceMapper 
Can analyze a sourcemap generated by tools like webpack, and produce the original JavaScript files. It achieves this by reconstructing the source tree using the file paths provided in the sourcemap.

The Sourcemapper project draws inspiration from Denis Andzakovic's Sourcemaps project, which is also implemented in Golang.

**🛑 DISCLAIMER: This project was created in my spare time during 2 evenings just for fun. Do not ask me to make urgent
fixes or add new features. I may consider it, but I cannot promise anything. My time is limited. I have a job, a family,
dog, garden, etc.**

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

1. You have installed the version of .NET Core SDK 7.0 or higher.

   To install .NET Core SDK, follow these steps:
    1. Download the .NET Core SDK installer from https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/7.0
    2. Run the installer and follow the instructions.
    3. Verify the installation by running the following command:
        ```
        dotnet --version
        ```

## Installation

To install and run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Navigate to the solution folder 'src'.
3. Install the required dependencies by running the following command:

    ```
    dotnet restore
    ```

4. Run the application by running the following command:

    ```
    dotnet build
    ```

## Usage

### Installation

To use this project acts as dotnet global tool, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the solution folder 'src'.
2. Install the tool by running the following command:

    ```
    dotnet pack ..\src\SourceMapper -c Release -o nupkg
    dotnet tool install --global --add-source ..\src\SourceMapper\nupkg SourceMapper.App.CLI
    ```

3. Run the application by running the following command for the first time:

    ```
    sourcemapper --help
    ```

### Update

1. Navigate to the solution folder 'src'.
2. Update the tool by running the following command:

    ```
    dotnet pack ..\src\SourceMapper -c Release -o nupkg
    dotnet tool update --global --add-source ..\src\SourceMapper\nupkg SourceMapper.App.CLI
    ```

3. Run the application by running the following command for the first time:

    ```
    sourcemapper --help
    ```

## Command-line usage

TODO

## Components

TODO

## License

This project is released under the MIT License.
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/zemacik/SourceMapper/blob/main/LICENSE) for further details.
